Did you come along? Where are the others?
Where is my man? You ask him to do something,
Aren't you very short? It's just me,
Anywhere.
You have something to do, can you leave first?
Follow me, dad will wait.
The drink will be over soon, shall we go to your house?
I can't get in. Finish yours.
Without it, how can I say this to death?
Angels are safe, but most people will miss the voyage.
Anyone who lives there will have the same thing.
Where do you live?
My parents are here for a while, right? Really? Okay, let’s go
Didn’t the Empress just say that it’s okay?
Help the little dragon, little dragon, little dragon, little dragon
Why can't you get up?
Since you opened it, it’s wrong
You stole your boss's car
You're not afraid of being discovered, it's okay
Just fill him up with gas
Get ready to go. You are ready, Xiaolong.
Are my parents at home now? What are you doing?